[EDU-2840] add fields gql ah (#407)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/features/events-fields/events-fields.mdx

> | authorEmail | Email address of the Real-Time Manager user who performed the action. Example: `myemail@gmail.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| authorEmail | Email address of the user who performed the action in Real-Time Manager. Example: `myemail@gmail.com` |
```

| authorName | Name of the Real-Time Manager user who performed the action. Example: `Hannah` |
| comment | Editable space available for users to add comments when performing changes. Example: `Action performed during investigation` |

> | refererHeader | Header of the page from which the API was called. Returns when the API call occurs from an UI. Example: `Test 123` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| refererHeader | Header `Referer` from the page from which the API was called. Returns when the API call is made from an UI. Example: `Test 123` |
```
Conferir se está correto

Reviewer 2: An UI? Do RTM?

| remotePort | Port of the origin that generated the request. Example: `80` |
| resourceId | Unique identifier of the resource that was created or modified. Example: `8190` |
| resourceType | Identifier of the resource that was created or modified. Example: `edge_application` |
| requestData | Data received on the payload of the request generated by the user. Example: `{"test": 123}` |
| title | Title of the activity, composed of: model name, name, and type of activity. Example: `Pathorigin Default Origin was changed` |
| ts | Timestamp of when the event was created. Example: `2022-10-20T10:10:10` |
| type | Type of performed action on Real-Time Manager: `CREATED`, `CHANGED`, `DELETED`, or `SIGNED UP` |

> | userAgent | Header `User-Agent` send in the request. Example: `curl 1.2.6` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| userAgent | Header `User-Agent` sent in the request. Example: `curl 1.2.6` |
```
